He denied the invitation
It means he has no eyes
Boy, you say I'm blind
Do you really think I am your night market board?
Get out of here if you know better
Don't make me use brute force
Zhang Beifeng
It seems that the board has not taught you enough lessons
You just have a good father
Showing off your might here
Don't you worry about implicating your Zhang family? Stop talking
Zhang Beifeng, you are not qualified enough
Keep calling people down keep calling people down
Why why why
This piece of paper is worth more than your life
Boy, you should know who I am
Call someone down again
But my lord father came himself
Can't you afford his mother's life?
Enough Ye Junsi
Don't be embarrassed here.
It seems that we are right to support the second young master
It's time for Ye Shao to go in
You will be announced as the new president soon
Then see whose face you hit
Mr. Ye, take me in to have a look
I will do whatever you ask me to do